>> Nina Zakharenko: One last section here,
I wanted to do a quick demo
of using the GitHub API.
>> Nina Zakharenko: The API is a restful
API, it's currently on Version 3,
it allows you to do a lot.
It also comes in lots of flavors, so
if you wanted to use it in Ruby,
JavaScript, Python,
there are lots of different developer
libraries that are available at this URL.
I recommend checking it out.
When we make requests to this API,
if we do so unauthenticated,
they're rate limited, so
at about 60 requests per hour.
If you use a personal token, those are
useful for testing and personal projects.
Those requests are going to be
authenticated as the user who
owns the token or
you have the option of setting up OAuth.
When your application acts on behalf
of another user, for example,
then that user can login via OAuth,
the OAuth flow in your project.
You're able to create and
update via the API.
GitHub allows you to create issues,
pull requests,
new repositories, gists, all via the API.